Let us now see how exception breakpoints work.
There is one related question.
When you want to pass the execution on a line that is throwing either caught or uncalled exception,
then exception breakpoints are used.
Here in the debugging pane, this icon is used to set exception breakpoints.
When I hover on it, it is saying don't pause on exception because it is not active right now.
Clicking on it to enable it.
And now it says Pause on exceptions.
But if I checked this option to pause on court exceptions, debugger will also pause on court exceptions
in addition to and guard exceptions.
Selecting this option is optional.
Going to school in this some function.
I will see if N1 or N2 are empty.
Then the function will throw an exception that one or both fields are empty.
Let's save the file and I will enter value in only this field.
Now let's click the button.
And the debugger poses as the exception occurs.
It is shown in the scope pane also.
Now in the code, I will call the function that is not defined.
Let's say add.
Let's save the file and let's go back to the browser.
As soon as the page is refreshed, the debugger pauses here as the exception occurs, showing a reference
error that says function and is not defined.
When I resume the execution, the error message is displayed in the console.
So that's how it works.
Now, let's talk about the related questions.
The first question is how to debug the code with exceptions.
So exception break point is used to debug the code when exceptions occur to parse on the exception animal.
This icon in the debugging pane and by selecting this option will break the execution on guard exceptions
along with uncalled ones.